README.md, before:

# javascript30
This is a repository that follows Javascript30 by @wesbos https://javascript30.com/ 
### Day 30: October 4, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Asigning values to strings, numbers or booleans copies will not tu update the orginial value.  
2. Doing it to Array or Objects will. They are not copies, but references.  
### Day 29: October 3, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Key Sequence Detection.  
2. Slide In on Scroll.  
### Day 28: October 1, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Dev Toll Tricks `console.time`, `console.count`, `console.clear`,`console.group`, `console.dir`, `console, assert`, `console.info`, `console.warn`, `console.error`.  
2. Muiltiple checkboxes. 
3. HTML5 Video Player.  
### Day 27: September 28, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Canvas methods
### Day 26: September 27, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Array methods `Array.prototype.some()`, ` Array.prototype.every()`, `Array.prototype.find()` , `Array.prototype.findIndex()`.  
### Day 25: September 26, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `fetch(endpoint).then(blob=>blob.json()).then(data=> cities.push(...data))` to put the JSON elements into arrays.  
2. `const regex = new RegExp(wordToMatch, 'gi');` to create a Regular expression.  
### Day 24: September 25, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. toggleOpen will not be excetuted when the document load, toggleOpen() will.  
### Day 23: September 22, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Array methods `filter`, `map`, `sort`, `reduce`.  
2. `console.table()`  
### Day 22: September 21, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Variables CSS `:root{--name:value}`.  
2. Access to variable `var(--name)`. 
3. Events `change` `mousemove`.
4. HTMLElement.dataset property allows access, both in reading and writing mode, to all the custom data attributes (data-*) set on the element, either in HTML or in the DOM.  
### Day 21: September 20, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `transform-origin` by defautl 50%, allows to pivot the element at all.  
2. `transform` allows you to rotate, scale, move, skew, etc., elements.  
3. `transition` allows you to change property values smoothly (from one value to another), over a given duration. `transition-timing-function` https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_transitions.asp.  



### Day 20: September 19, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I started with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `document.querySelector` returns the first element that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document.  
2. `e.propertyName` returns the name of the CSS property associated with the transition, when a transitionevent occurs. This property is read-only.

Commit message:

Local Storage and Event Delegation

README.md, after:

# javascript30
This is a repository that follows Javascript30 by @wesbos https://javascript30.com/ 
### Day 30: October 4, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Asigning values to strings, numbers or booleans copies will not tu update the orginial value.  
2. Doing it to Array or Objects will. They are not copies, but references.  
3. `e.preventDefault` prevent the page to reload.  
4. `JSON.stringify()`  and `JSON.parse()` Objects to Strings and viceversa.  
5.  Event delegation allows you to avoid adding event listeners to specific nodes;  instead, the event listener is added to one parent.  
6. Using the Element.matches API, we can see if the element matches our desired target.  
### Day 29: October 3, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Key Sequence Detection.  
2. Slide In on Scroll.  
### Day 28: October 1, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Dev Toll Tricks `console.time`, `console.count`, `console.clear`,`console.group`, `console.dir`, `console, assert`, `console.info`, `console.warn`, `console.error`.  
2. Muiltiple checkboxes. 
3. HTML5 Video Player.  
### Day 27: September 28, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Canvas methods
### Day 26: September 27, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Array methods `Array.prototype.some()`, ` Array.prototype.every()`, `Array.prototype.find()` , `Array.prototype.findIndex()`.  
### Day 25: September 26, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `fetch(endpoint).then(blob=>blob.json()).then(data=> cities.push(...data))` to put the JSON elements into arrays.  
2. `const regex = new RegExp(wordToMatch, 'gi');` to create a Regular expression.  
### Day 24: September 25, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. toggleOpen will not be excetuted when the document load, toggleOpen() will.  
### Day 23: September 22, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Array methods `filter`, `map`, `sort`, `reduce`.  
2. `console.table()`  
### Day 22: September 21, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. Variables CSS `:root{--name:value}`.  
2. Access to variable `var(--name)`. 
3. Events `change` `mousemove`.
4. HTMLElement.dataset property allows access, both in reading and writing mode, to all the custom data attributes (data-*) set on the element, either in HTML or in the DOM.  
### Day 21: September 20, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I continued with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `transform-origin` by defautl 50%, allows to pivot the element at all.  
2. `transform` allows you to rotate, scale, move, skew, etc., elements.  
3. `transition` allows you to change property values smoothly (from one value to another), over a given duration. `transition-timing-function` https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_transitions.asp.  



### Day 20: September 19, 2017    

**Today's Progress**:   
1. Today I started with JavaScript30.  

**Thoughts**:     
1. `document.querySelector` returns the first element that matches a specified CSS selector(s) in the document.  
2. `e.propertyName` returns the name of the CSS property associated with the transition, when a transitionevent occurs. This property is read-only.
